I'm wearing this pink polo shirt again today in front of the camera. 
After the first time of wearing this, 
some people asked:
Mr. Wang, why are in that pink polo?
I call it the "Little Pink".
Because the topic we are talking about today is related to "Little Pink".
So that is why I picked this shirt on purpose to record today’s talk. 
So that is why I picked this shirt on purpose to record today’s talk. 
Today I'm going to talk about a propaganda video of North Korea.
The video was censored and even removed from Weibo. 
A few days ago, 
North Korea reported new Covid cases. 
The was virtually no positive Covid case in the last two years.
Suddenly, we had an Omicron outbreak. 
This situation could be devastating for North Korea.
You may have heard that 
the healthcare system in North Korea is pretty awful due to its poor infrastructure, 
lack of equipment and shortage of medicine.  
A Covid-19 outbreak in North Korea will be a huge challenge. 
A Covid-19 outbreak in North Korea will be a huge challenge. 
I reckon the situation now in North Korea could be worse than the situation last year in India.
North Korea's latest figures show that 
around 100,000 to 200,000 people are infected every day.
The number of deaths alarmingly keeps rising. 
What does this show?
This situation shows that Omicron itself is indeed very contagious.
Because North Korea, at the beginning of the Covid-19 outbreak, acted extremely quickly.
North Korea immediately cut off ties with the world
when China just discovered its first few Covid cases. 
They immediately isolated themselved from the world. 
Of course, if the ties between China and North Korea were cut off, 
North Korea almost became isolated in the world.
North Korea's authority closed its border with China 
and the movement of goods and people was cut off.
So during the first two-year of the global pandemic,
North Korea remains relatively intact. 
No outbreak was reported.
Because North Korea is cut off from the rest of the world. 
The virus could not go beyond the borders. 
But Omicron is different.
It is more contagious
And spreads asymptomatically.
Omicron is ten times more infectious 
than the previous variants including Delta.
North Korea could not keep its “zero-covid” record
And people did not know 
why there has been a spike in the number of “unspecified” fever cases.
In short, Omicron is spreading in North Korea. 
In this case,
North Korea made a short propaganda video. 
It's called “correctly understanding Omicron”
In this short video,
There are a few messages to North Korean.
Above all,
The Omicron variant may have been fabricated by South Korean! 
South Korea undermines our mighty socialist motherland in the North!
Imperialism, capitalism. They all forever wish to conquer our motherland
On the other hand,
Omicron is just not scary.
Even if you are infected, 
90% of people have mild or no symptoms. 
So don't be nervous.
People with Covid symptoms should be isolated and rest at home.
Just take some Ibuprofen, not a big deal. 
And the video also mentioned that 
It is impossible to completely eliminate Omicron. 
This propaganda video was translated into Chinese 
and posted on Weibo.
As a result, the comments on Weibo erupted.
Someone said:
Even North Korea realises that “zero-covid” is impossible, see?
This shows that the advocates of “zero-covid” are a bunch of nuts!
People also commented: 
Stop laughing at North Korea.
North Korea is now going further and further down the "evil path".
Because of those advocating “coexistence with Covid”, 
Is that what people are doing in the US?
Now North Korea has also come to the "evil path" and followed the US. 
The whole world ditches the “zero-covid” approach,
Apart from our little brother North Korea. 
Now, China is the only one left behind. 
There is no room for people to discuss 
the pros and cons of “zero-covid” policies and “coexistence” policies.
Does anybody dare to discuss this on Weibo? 
"Coexistence" is better or "zero-covid" is better?
Who dares to discuss on Weibo now!
If you claim "coexistence" is better than "zero-covid",
Your Weibo account vanishes. 
If you are an expert and try to justify that "coexistence" is better than "zero-covid"
you may lose your job. 
So nobody takes the risk to discuss.
For the comments under the North Korea's propaganda video,
the video became a cathartic release 
and people expressed their dissatisfaction with the current Covid policies. 
The video went viral and became a hot trending topic on Weibo. 
Then Weibo started to deal with the situation. 
Censors remove the video from the trending.
And then deleted the video on its network.
This looks very absurd! It is hilarious. 
I want to say something about this news. 
First of all, 
I think for the “zero-covid” policies in China, 
The road ahead is getting narrower.
The whole world has given up, including countries like North Korea.
North Korea surrendered to Covid because there is no alternative path.
We need to evaluate the situation objectively.
The coexistence of North Korea is different from the coexistence of the US, UK and the western world. 
What is the “coexistence” between the US and the UK?
First, there are effective vaccines.
Plus, there are effective drugs.
Taking these factors into consideration, 
The outbreak of Omicron variant 
Seems less deadly as the mortality rate is getting closer to flu. 
In this case, "coexistence" is widely accepted by the general public.
Nowadays, US and UK have completely abandoned Covid-related restrictions. 
There is no recorded pressure on hospitals and a surge in the death toll recently. 
It makes perfect sense to take the laissez-aller approach. 
But North Korea is different.
Why did North Korea open up?
North Korea has no effective drugs,
no vaccine, nothing. 
The WHO planned to donate vaccines to North Korea. 
The first batch of Sinovac vaccines donated at the beginning was rejected by North Korea. 
China is the only country that genuinely cares about North Korea.
We delivered Sinovac vaccines, but you rejected them. Why? 
Is North Korea suggesting that Sinovac is ineffective against Covid? 
They just do not believe that our vaccine is reliable. 
The WHO later gave North Korea some other vaccines under the COVAX scheme. 
Those batches may have a mix of Pfizer, Moderna and other vaccines. 
The US and WHO make sure that all countries have equitable access to Covid vaccines.
North Korea can also get vaccines easily. 
But even though North Korea can get the vaccine,
Certainly, ordinary people will not be given those vaccines. 
It's the privileged few who are eligible to receive the vaccine.
For ordinary people,
North Korea apparently fails to create herd immunity through vaccines. 
Not to mention the drugs. 
So what is North Korea's so-called "coexistence"
It must be a "coexistence" based on the natural mortality rate of the virus
It was so cruel and unfair. 
The mortality rate might still be much higher than the average flu death rate.
Maybe 10 times higher, maybe 20 times higher.
Then it is resigned to people’s fate. 
If you contract the virus and die, 
You sacrifice for the nation. 
If you are not dead, you have herd immunity. 
You won't be contagious.
Just like the pandemic we had 100 years ago.
It is similar to what happened in India in 2021. 
Indian people didn't care at first. 
If you are infected and if you die, 
the corpses will be floating in the Ganges river and buried in the sand of its bank. 
Those who do not die after infection have an immune barrier.
and don't worry about catching Covid. 
This is the case for many underdeveloped countries.
So North Korea's so-called "coexistence", 
in fact, is different from "coexistence" in the United States.
Does China now have the conditions for "coexistence" with Covid like US?
I personally think the answer is Yes. 
For example, we may choose to import Pfizer vaccines and effective drugs
 to deal with a potential outbreak.
The United States are relatively more successful. 
The whole point is to reduce the death rate to the level of ordinary flu. 
China also has the flu every year, 
and we are not locked down not quarantined. 
Don't you all deserve a happy life? 
If the mortality rate of Omicron is close to the rate of ordinary flu,
Why are we locking down cities and quarantining people? 
Everyone needs to show different health QR codes on their phones. 
It clearly shows that we are not treating the Omicron as the flu.
Of course, 
we have not imported effective drugs and more effective vaccines from abroad.
North Korea’s handling of the new variant, 
 to a large extent, 
shows that our Covid policies in China have blatantly disregarded basic science.
And for netizens in China,
having seen the North Korean way of dealing with the epidemic,
Mocked policymakers and dropped comments with sarcasm. 
People express their dissatisfaction and have had enough of the current restrictions. 
If you haven't lived in China, 
it would be hard for you to understand.
Because for a country with no freedom of speech,
there are many words you can't express directly.
You can have to circumvent and rephrase your thoughts.
Having seen this socialist country, like China. 
Having seen this socialist country, like China. 
They have such a poor public healthcare system and yet, 
they manage to get on with Covid and “coexist”.
Using this logic reflects the absurdity of China's Covid policies. 
This is the first point.
I can also imagine that 
I can also imagine that 
since so many posts about the North Korea Covid policies are blocked in China, 
similarly, many remarks are also blocked in North Korea.
Both countries claim themselves to be socialist states.
There are not many socialist countries in the world anymore.
Except for China, North Korea, and Cuba, no more socialist states. 
Maybe Vietnam counts, I am not sure. 
Socialist states are almost gone. 
However, the relations between these socialist countries are not very good.
This is interesting. 
In theory, 
socialist states, 
with a common ideology and the highest ideal and ultimate goal – the realisation of communism.
Relations between countries should be better than that of any other country. 
We used to call these countries “comrades and brothers”
Between us and Vietnam, between us and North Korea.
But then these countries almost became enemies. 
For example, China and the USSR broke their political relation (Sino-Soviet split)
China had a conflict with North Korea and Vietnam at some point.
And the diplomatic relation between China and Albania had a large rift. 
The countries that were supposed to be "comrade plus brothers" have turned against each other. 
Why?
This is interesting. 
Why nations with seemingly common ideals and goals 
cannot get along with normal political relations?
And those capitalist countries
For example, in the US and the UK, 
America became independent from the UK, 
America became independent from the UK, 
From our perspective, 
If America had been a breakaway from China, 
We would never forgive those separatists. 
America would be impossible to become an ally of China. 
I guess I'll always confront those American and claim that.
America has been part of China and has been since ancient times. 
The state shall never allow the "America independence"
We Chinese have this mentality.
The US fought for their independence. 
The independence was not achieved by any peaceful demonstration. 
Independence by the War of Independence.
The relationship between the countries is very good now, 
They have been supporting each other firmly for years. 
There are also many capitalist countries. e.g. the European Union
These capitalist countries are almost becoming one country. 
Countries that have historical feuds, such as France and Germany
There are no borders now.
Strangely, in our opinion,
Why those evil capitalist countries
have good political relations?
Why are socialist countries particularly easy to turn against each other?
The answer is straightforward. 
States that supposedly uphold and preach absolute truth are the hardest to live with.
Each one of those states seemingly holds the truth. 
All these socialist countries are essentially the same. 
They cannot be doubted, beyond question
Such as China 
and North Korea. Its Juche ideas are preeminent.
Who dares to question Kim Jong-un and Kim Jong-il?
And his grandfather Kim Il Sung, who would dare?
Those defiant of their ideas are sent to concentration camps. 
In that closed loop, 
these ideologies are not allowed to be challenged.
Let alone challenges, doubts are not allowed. 
Let alone doubts, it's not allowed if you don't accept them.
Let alone you don't accept it, 
it's a sin if you fall behind your comrades learning those theories. 
It is their ideological system and social structure. 
It is their ideological system and social structure. 
In this case,
There are bound to be some conflicts of interest between socialist states. 
It's quite obvious. 
China and the Soviet Union were in the heyday of their bilateral relationship, 
There were some direct conflicts. 
For example, the Soviet Union wanted to occupy China's Middle East railway.
They wanted to lease China's Dalian Port and Lvshun port. 
China also had its own plan. 
We wanted to acquire the atomic bomb technology from the Soviet Union.
Let them help arm our troops. 
Both sides had their own interests. That's Okay. 
But interests lead to potential friction and conflicts.
It is trouble-free to rise the debate to an absolute ideological level
So when there was a conflict between China and the Soviet Union
The magnitude could be unprecedented. 
The People's Daily published the commentary articles.
Chairman Mao said we cannot conflict with the Soviet Union for another 10000 years. 
At that time, the Soviet premier landed at Beijing Airport, 
When negotiating with Zhou Enlai, he hoped to improve Sino-Soviet relations. 
As a result, after Chairman Mao heard.
He said the Sino-Soviet dispute was supposed to last for 10,000 years.
As they condescend to our country, 
We subtract 1,000 years, and we still have to argue for 9,000 years…
It's not like a normal country 
with a conventional diplomatic act based on common interests and etiquette. 
It’s more like a grudge fight. 
Or a spiritual battle. 
This is more likely to occur in socialist countries. 
It is not common in capitalist countries. 
Because Mao believed that his ideology should be absolutely paramount and surpass all others.
But the problem is
Every country has a “sun” like him. 
The Soviet Union had Stalin.
China had Mao Zedong.
North Korea had Kim Il Sung. 
Romania had Ceausescu.
Albania had Enver Hoxha.
Cuba has Castro. 
In every country, the authority of these people cannot be challenged.
But between these absolute authorities,
Conflicts become inevitable.
Once the conflicts occurred, there would be no room for compromise. Absolutely staggering. 
Irreconcilable. 
For a simple conflict of interest,
We negotiate, compromise, negotiate again.
In most cases, an optimum solution can be found.
But once it becomes a confrontation between absolute authorities,
You will find that you can't find the solution.
No way forward. 
This is also the case in many socialist states. 
The fundamental reason to launch full-scale confrontation. 
China had war with the Soviet Union and Vietnam.
and Vietnam.
We didn’t fight with North Korea, in fact, we were incompatible. 
What do you think about the relationship between China and North Korea today?
"Comrade plus brother"? Obviously not. 
China is just taking advantage of North Korea.
North Korea becomes a strategic buffer zone between China and the West.
Because of its regime, 
It can prevent the power of the US from advancing to the Yalu River (border). 
That's the only purpose. 
Other than that, the regime would have been overthrown. 
China is not based on the socialist ideas 
in support of North Korea.
It’s based on China's strategic needs.
support him so he doesn't fall.
Without China's support, North Korea would have collapsed long ago.
So I personally think,
between absolute power,
It is not easy to establish harmonious international relations
This is what I want to say
Finally, I’m also imagining, 
If Kim Jong Un is on Chinese Weibo,
opening an account, 
It’s highly likely that he will be blocked. 
Conversely, if our Chinese go to North Korea to open a Weibo account,
I guess they could be killed. 
Therefore, between absolute power,
to coexist,
It's almost impossible. 
That's why we need to reform and open up.
To abandon absolute power. 
After Deng Xiaoping came to power, he proposed a diplomatic relationship that 
After Deng Xiaoping came to power, 
he proposed a diplomatic relationship that is not ideology-centred. 
It’s time to focus on national interests.
When ideology is paramount, 
We could fight with the US and the Soviet Union. 
Those ideologies are gradually ditched. 
Diplomatic relation is based on one's own national interest,
rather than based on ideology. 
This is the right way. 
Gradually we transition from ideological diplomacy to pragmatic diplomacy.
But after all, it was born out of that era and developed to the present.
So there are those remaining ideas. 
What is the impact of those ideas? 
In China, although the absolute authority is not Mr Mao anymore, 
He is gone, but the absolute authority is still there
For example, China's Covid policies leave no room for doubts.  
Once you refuse to accept them, there is a huge price to pay. 
In this case, North Korea and China,
After disagreements over disease prevention policies,
There appears the scene where 
their propaganda video was removed from Weibo. 
This is also the zeitgeist of our present era. 
Okay, I think that’s all for today,
Hopefully, this video has been insightful.
Well, 
Thank you for watching.
See you all tomorrow. 
